if you are young and you wish to choose a path consider the following advices:

1- Do you wish that the next thing you find to do to be what you are supposed to do without any more thinking about it, as if you were on the right path?
Or are you ok that you have to think about what it is that you should be doing before you start and that planning does not make you lazy?

This being spontanous and fast in realizing what to do next is not necesserily good or bad. There are those who like to just work for 8 hours 
and be done with work because it provides them with immiate necessery outcome.

There are those who actually want to achieve something and for them, choosing the path is important.

2- A day in the life of a....

You need to find the answer to this question: What does a minister of transportation do all day? how does he live? so he wakes up, then what? offce job? that is a desk with papers on it....
oh you are saynig "he/she feels powerful" no that is not the angle i  am looking at....
that maybe important for society (if he/she is good, so many politicians that ruined their/others worlds) 
The question is about his/her charachter inside, she has to read a lot of reports and most probably with no innovation, because governments are supposed to be based on the well established.

How is the day in the life of a forester? well they walk around forests with equipments, may face danger from animals and even certain people. take care of this and that....always in the moment...
not much innovation

how is the day in the life of a 60 years old university professor? he says: "i wake up i go i sit i talk....almost no innovation..."

The reason i talk about innovation is that I personaly cared about it. I have always loved being innovative...it is just that the next thing to do was never the one that would put me on the "right path" so, 
succes was rare, but what? being innovative is not about success, it is about where the innovation comes from. This is why I am still a scientist. just because.

3- What problem will i solve:
Imagine yourself old and imagine looking back, preparing for death, going to eternetiy and live with what you've done in your life (or better yet get help from that who owns everything) ....
and you say that you have not tried to solve any problem or you see that you spend your life solving a big problem... 
choose the problem, find a good teacher and the way will tell you where to go next
